track	ANMII1
shortLabel	ANMII1_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII1_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII2
shortLabel	ANMII2_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII2_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII3
shortLabel	ANMII3_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII3_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII4
shortLabel	ANMII4_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII4_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII5
shortLabel	ANMII5_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII5_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII5_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII6
shortLabel	ANMII6_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII6_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII7
shortLabel	ANMII7_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII7_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII8
shortLabel	ANMII8_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII8_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII8_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII9
shortLabel	ANMII9_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII9_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII9_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII10
shortLabel	ANMII10_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII10_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII10_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII11
shortLabel	ANMII11_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII11_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII11_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANMII12
shortLabel	ANMII12_MII oocyte
longLabel	ANMII12_MII oocyte_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANMII12_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF1
shortLabel	ANTF1_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF1_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF2
shortLabel	ANTF2_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF2_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF3
shortLabel	ANTF3_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF3_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF4
shortLabel	ANTF4_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF4_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF5
shortLabel	ANTF5_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF5_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF5_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF6
shortLabel	ANTF6_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF6_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF7
shortLabel	ANTF7_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF7_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF8
shortLabel	ANTF8_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF8_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF8_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF9
shortLabel	ANTF9_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF9_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF9_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF10
shortLabel	ANTF10_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF10_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF10_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF11
shortLabel	ANTF11_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF11_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF11_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ANTF12
shortLabel	ANTF12_2:4-cell
longLabel	ANTF12_2:4-cell_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ANTF12_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,139,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII1
shortLabel	ESMII1_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII1_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII2
shortLabel	ESMII2_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII2_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII3
shortLabel	ESMII3_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII3_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII4
shortLabel	ESMII4_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII4_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII6
shortLabel	ESMII6_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII6_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII7
shortLabel	ESMII7_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII7_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII9
shortLabel	ESMII9_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII9_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII9_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII10
shortLabel	ESMII10_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII10_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII10_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII11
shortLabel	ESMII11_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII11_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII11_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII12
shortLabel	ESMII12_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII12_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII12_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII13
shortLabel	ESMII13_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII13_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII13_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESMII14
shortLabel	ESMII14_MII oocyte
longLabel	ESMII14_MII oocyte_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESMII14_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	159,148,120
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF1
shortLabel	ESTF1_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF1_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF2
shortLabel	ESTF2_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF2_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF3
shortLabel	ESTF3_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF3_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF4
shortLabel	ESTF4_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF4_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF5
shortLabel	ESTF5_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF5_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF5_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF6
shortLabel	ESTF6_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF6_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF7
shortLabel	ESTF7_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF7_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF8
shortLabel	ESTF8_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF8_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF8_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF9
shortLabel	ESTF9_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF9_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF9_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF10
shortLabel	ESTF10_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF10_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF10_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF11
shortLabel	ESTF11_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF11_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF11_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	ESTF12
shortLabel	ESTF12_2:4-cell
longLabel	ESTF12_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/ESTF12_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,255,0
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII1
shortLabel	IVGMII1_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII1_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII2
shortLabel	IVGMII2_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII2_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII3
shortLabel	IVGMII3_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII3_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII4
shortLabel	IVGMII4_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII4_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII5
shortLabel	IVGMII5_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII5_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII5_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII7
shortLabel	IVGMII7_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII7_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII8
shortLabel	IVGMII8_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII8_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII8_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII9
shortLabel	IVGMII9_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII9_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII9_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII10
shortLabel	IVGMII10_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII10_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII10_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII12
shortLabel	IVGMII12_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII12_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII12_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII13
shortLabel	IVGMII13_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII13_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII13_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGMII14
shortLabel	IVGMII14_MII oocyte
longLabel	IVGMII14_MII oocyte_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGMII14_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,46
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF1
shortLabel	IVGTF1_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF1_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF2
shortLabel	IVGTF2_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF2_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF3
shortLabel	IVGTF3_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF3_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF4
shortLabel	IVGTF4_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF4_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF5
shortLabel	IVGTF5_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF5_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF5_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF6
shortLabel	IVGTF6_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF6_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF7
shortLabel	IVGTF7_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF7_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF8
shortLabel	IVGTF8_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF8_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF8_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF9
shortLabel	IVGTF9_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF9_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF9_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF10
shortLabel	IVGTF10_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF10_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF10_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF11
shortLabel	IVGTF11_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF11_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF11_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	IVGTF12
shortLabel	IVGTF12_2-cell
longLabel	IVGTF12_2-cell_IVGDM
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/IVGTF12_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,255,185
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE1
shortLabel	OAE1_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE1_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE2
shortLabel	OAE2_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE2_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE5
shortLabel	OAE5_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE5_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE5_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE6
shortLabel	OAE6_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE6_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE7
shortLabel	OAE7_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE7_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE8
shortLabel	OAE8_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE8_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE8_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE9
shortLabel	OAE9_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE9_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE9_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE10
shortLabel	OAE10_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE10_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE10_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE11
shortLabel	OAE11_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE11_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE11_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE12
shortLabel	OAE12_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE12_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE12_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE13
shortLabel	OAE13_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE13_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE13_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OAE14
shortLabel	OAE14_blastocyst
longLabel	OAE14_blastocyst_anestrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OAE14_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,185,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OESX1
shortLabel	OESX1_8:16-cell
longLabel	OESX1_8:16-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OESX1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,46,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OESX3
shortLabel	OESX3_8:16-cell
longLabel	OESX3_8:16-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OESX3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,46,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OESX4
shortLabel	OESX4_8:16-cell
longLabel	OESX4_8:16-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OESX4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,46,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OESX6
shortLabel	OESX6_8:16-cell
longLabel	OESX6_8:16-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OESX6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,46,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OESX7
shortLabel	OESX7_8:16-cell
longLabel	OESX7_8:16-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OESX7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,46,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OESX8
shortLabel	OESX8_8:16-cell
longLabel	OESX8_8:16-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OESX8_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	0,46,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT1
shortLabel	OIVT1_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT1_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT2
shortLabel	OIVT2_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT2_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT3
shortLabel	OIVT3_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT3_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT4
shortLabel	OIVT4_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT4_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT5
shortLabel	OIVT5_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT5_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT5_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT6
shortLabel	OIVT6_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT6_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT7
shortLabel	OIVT7_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT7_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT8
shortLabel	OIVT8_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT8_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT8_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT9
shortLabel	OIVT9_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT9_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT9_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT10
shortLabel	OIVT10_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT10_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT10_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT11
shortLabel	OIVT11_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT11_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT11_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVT12
shortLabel	OIVT12_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVT12_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVT12_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	93,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV1
shortLabel	OIVV1_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV1_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV2
shortLabel	OIVV2_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV2_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV3
shortLabel	OIVV3_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV3_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV4
shortLabel	OIVV4_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV4_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV5
shortLabel	OIVV5_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV5_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV5_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV6
shortLabel	OIVV6_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV6_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV7
shortLabel	OIVV7_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV7_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV7_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV8
shortLabel	OIVV8_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV8_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV8_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV9
shortLabel	OIVV9_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV9_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV9_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV10
shortLabel	OIVV10_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV10_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV10_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV11
shortLabel	OIVV11_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV11_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV11_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OIVV12
shortLabel	OIVV12_blastocyst
longLabel	OIVV12_blastocyst_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OIVV12_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	232,0,255
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OTF1
shortLabel	OTF1_2:4-cell
longLabel	OTF1_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OTF1_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,139
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OTF2
shortLabel	OTF2_2:4-cell
longLabel	OTF2_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OTF2_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,139
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OTF3
shortLabel	OTF3_2:4-cell
longLabel	OTF3_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OTF3_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,139
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OTF4
shortLabel	OTF4_2:4-cell
longLabel	OTF4_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OTF4_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,139
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OTF5
shortLabel	OTF5_2:4-cell
longLabel	OTF5_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OTF5_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,139
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

track	OTF6
shortLabel	OTF6_2:4-cell
longLabel	OTF6_2:4-cell_estrus
bigDataUrl	https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/omicsltd.jianping.data/hub2/OTF6_genomeCov.bw
type	bigWig 0 1000
maxHeightPixels	100:30:10
viewLimits	0:5000
visibility	hide
alwaysZero	on
autoScale	on
color	255,0,139
graphTypeDefault	bar
windowingFunction	maximum
smoothingWindow	off

